Now to create a Pa11y test to use in my
project, I'm going to create a file for
it inside of my test folder, I'm going to
create a new file called pa11y.js, Because
we write the pa11y tests in JavaScript.
Now, inside of this file, I'm going
to say set up a basic pa11y test,
and inside of this, first of all,
going to require the pa11y package.
Which I've already installed.
I'm then going to create
a function to run my test.
Now this needs to be an async function so
that we get the results back and inside
of that, I'm going to create a promise
inside of the promise I want to run the
pa11y function and for now I'm just going
to pass in the URL of our website that
we're testing, which is localhost:8080.
Then at the end I'm going to log
out the results to my consult and
at the end of the file, I want to
click to run the test so I can go
through and run that in my console.